okay guys so let's look at the apartment
where I'm staying in San Francisco so
basically this is the entrance with a
lot of storage room and when you enter
the apartment you go straight into the
kitchen and living room so this is very
traditional for America to have kitchen
and common room in of one area and when
you're renting an apartment in the
United States you would normally have it
unfurnished so you would have to buy
your own sofas chairs tables but the
kitchen would be fully equipped to you'd
have the refrigerator microwave
dishwasher oven like everything would be
here so basically this is my fridge if
your guys interested in what I'm eating
I would be happy to make a video by the
way this apartment is very like there
are a lot of students in this apartment
so basically I guess many people who
study in San Francisco School of Art
another San Francisco universities leave
in this building here's the living room
when somebody comes to stay this is like
an extra place for guests and this is
where make my videos so I sit in front
of the window and the light is really
cool especially in the evening so right
now the light will be amazing and this
is the view from the window we are
located in soma which is Sara of San
Francisco and they're building loads and
loads of stuff so if you look on the
right you can't really see it but this
tall building is Salesforce new office
and more new offices coming this is a
where you enter the city from the
highway today Sunday so nobody's working
at the construction but during the day
you can definitely hear construction
works and let's go to the bedroom
so this is one-bedroom apartment which
means there are basically two rooms
living room and one bedroom and you have
to buy your own bed you have to buy your
own lab and this is my favorite place a
wardrobe room and I got rid of like 70%
of my stuff after reading a book the
life-changing magic of tidying up it
basically teaches you how to throw
things away and I really recommend it to
you guys if you were like me if you are
like me when I had loads and loads of
stuff that I didn't really wear I didn't
really use and this is a mirror and
let's continue to the bathroom the
bathroom space is pretty big and yeah
here's like my makeup table also girls
if you're interested in seeing some
videos about makeup I know there are
loads of them in YouTube but I know
somebody asked me to do them so if you
want me to do them just let me know
because as you can see I have a lot of
makeup
but my favorite parts of this building
are actually common parts and common
facilities that can be used by all of
the residents so if you want to see them
we have a co-working we have a swimming
pool we have a gym so let's go and see
them so before we go to the co-working
area we're going to throw rubbish away
and everybody in California is using
paper bags because plastic bags are
really heavily taxed I guess because
they are so expensive and I'm going to
show you the rubbish room the best part
of this room is that it's like five
seconds walk from my apartment and it
doesn't smell like rubbish so you
basically just leave everything here and
you just go away
oh it's actually trash okay using
British words again trash throwing away
trash this is like the coolest view on
the planet from daily buy a terraria and
what you do you just basically press
number six and the elevator comes
so we just came from the common area
where you can sit in work or have bodies
I would normally come here at 8:00 a.m.
and have my Higher Education
consultations from people from all over
the world and they also provides free
IMAX so I can do all my videos on a big
screen which is amazing and you can also
cook here you can have free coffee and
tea you can go to the gym you can
exercise yourself by using you know
screens and using special videos that
they prepared for those who want to
train alone and this is really exciting
about this building because this is
really student here so see a lot of
students preparing for exams or writing
down their lectures and essays and also
see a lot of startup people jumping on
phone calls and taking conference calls
and there's also meeting room that you
can use and if you want to come to San
Francisco to learn English Eilis see San
Francisco the language school like my
favorite one is down that street and
also EF San Francisco is down the street
if you don't know about that opportunity
you can actually come to San Francisco
to learn English any Monday and I will
leave some links below so you could you
know check out the schools and there is
a our neighbor look at her kitchen
it's just so cool right she has the
whole Terrace and she's preparing but I
have a dinner I'm so creepy I'm being so
creepy
yeah isn't that amazing old Sonny oh
here's a helicopter hello oh and this is
my favorite spot to work this circle
sofa like the comfiest place every
billiards is also included in the rent
so basically you just not live in your
apartment you live in the whole area you
have co-working you have also have a
jacuzzi and grill we're going to go
there straight away yeah bless you we
came to the common area where you can
grill where you can chill where you can
sit in jacuzzi and there are a couple of
families already having their dinner and
I'm also grilling my steak and my
vegetables and once I finish we're going
to go on the 33rd floor and see the
sunset
and enjoy the dinner and this is my
favorite one the jacuzzi it's warm and
it's nice and also see people hanging
out here in evenings and this is how it
all looks like
so we're basically in the center of San
Francisco on the roof and all of those
skyscrapers very inspiring
Oh
so we came to the rooftop as you see
it's also a common area and the sunset
is just amazing it's as if I've ordered
a sunset for the night to shoot my video
and you can see basically everything
from here this is financial district
there is a Silicon Valley so you see a
lot of houses in the hills so this is
where Silicon Valley starts basically
that is still part of San Francisco for
them behind that hill Silicon Valley and
here you can chill out watch TV there
are also restrooms so everything that
you need and I'm going to have my dinner
with of you so here's my lovely steak
which I made myself thank you guys for
watching this video I'm gonna eat my
steak now and then I'm gonna go to the
6th floor to co-working to edit this
video and upload to YouTube
I don't forget to comment don't forget
to tell me whether you would like me to
shoot a video about makeup about food or
what else you want to hear in my videos
please write down in comments and don't
forget to you know subscribe and share
and also follow me on Instagram its
lingua Marina and I'm looking for to see
me on my Instagram as well have a great
day bye bye